# Reflective Journal 6: `ADS1002 project `<br>

Overall, my team had completed all the codes for the project. Now, we proceed to finalise the slides and work on presentation. I feel relieved and happy that we had made it so far. All our hard work is going to pay off after we present our work. All of these will not work without teamwork.

In this context, my team had agreed to do multiple rehearsals before the actual presentation. We used zoom meeting to do the mock presentations ourselves. All of us had gain confidence in presenting since we did it multiple times. One of my teammates who was a bit timid previously also gain some courage. This can be seen when she started to use a clear and engaging tone when she presents. We indeed are proud of our improvements throughout the presentations. However, we also encountered the problem of exceeding the time limit when we present. Due to this reason, I suggested that we should modify our script to be more concise. Hence, all of us tried to extract the most important part to present. This is a tough process because everyone has only 2 minutes to talk. We also gave suggestions to modify the content after everyone completed their part. Luckily, we still managed to complete our presentation within the time limit. 

In conclusion, all of us have shown team spirit to excel in the presentation. In my opinion, we can do a final mock presentation again before the actual one. This will definitely boost our confidence. I really look forward that my team will complete the actual presentation brilliantly next week.
