# Reflective Journal 4: `ADS1002 project `<br>


Overall, my group project progressed smoothly. This is due to the dedication and teamwork of our team. In this week, we worked our way to deal with missing data in the Rossmann store dataset. To be precise, we used the imputation techniques to clean the data. I am glad and satisfied as we did quite an excellent job to handle the missing data.

Based on our analysis, simply deleting the data by using the `dropna` function will lose valuable data. In this context, we tried imputing data using mean and median imputation. However, we faced a challenge of getting a histogram without a bell shape curve. As emphasized by Dr Ashish, a good imputation method should result in a bell-shape curve histogram. Hence, we moved on to try the KNN imputation method. Luckily, we managed to plot a bell-shape curve histogram. Due to the plot is not normally distributed perfectly, we discussed for further actions. I suggested to do online research for more advanced imputation techniques. Thus, we tried implementing linear regression and forest imputation techniques by scratch. Unfortunately, the results are almost identical to KNN imputation. This may be due to the imputed variable has low correlation with the target variable. Despite to this, we still feel happy as we did some extra initiatives to learn new knowledge and apply to our project.

In conclusion, the data cleaning part for our project was completed brilliantly. We will not achieve this without teamwork and passion. In my opinion, we can search for more possibilities to excel in the project using other ways. This means that we will not be limited to only using methods taught in the lectures. Thus, we can gain more skills to be a successful data scientist in the future!
